_pages/registration.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Registration
permalink: /registration/
---

## Dates
- The course will take place 09:00-16:30 on 16-20 June 2025.

## Passing the course
To pass the course and get a diploma you must:

- Install and test OpenFOAM using our instructions send out in the weeks before the course.
- Participate actively during the course.
- Hand in and pass a miniproject after the course.

## Price

**PhD students at Danish universities and people employed at Danish universities**
- Registration is free.

**PhD students at foreign universities and people employed at foreign universities**
- DKK 12500 excl VAT.

**Company and private attendees**
- DKK 12500 excl VAT.

## Registration
You can register for the course [here](https://forms.gle/afbugCZFpEZD6eBYA).
<!-- You can pre-register to the course [here](https://forms.gle/afbugCZFpEZD6eBYA). Note that pre-registration does not guarantee a seat at the course but enables you to sign up immediately when registration opens.  -->

## Confirmation of registration

We have a maximum of 20 seats in order for the participants to gain the most of our course. The seats are filled on a first come, first-served basis. We will send you an e-mail asking you to confirm your registration. After we have received your confirmation e-mail, we will send you a final confirmation e-mail. If you do not confirm within one week, your registration will be removed.

## Cancelling registration

If you regret your registration, please let us know immediately, so your seat can be given to someone else. To cancel your registration use the link in the e-mail you received upon registration. Under "Participation Type" choose "I want to cancel a previous registration" and submit the form. If you lost the e-mail, you can also cancel by sending an e-mail to one of the organisers.

Commit message:

Update registration.md to clarify registration deadline and confirmation process

_pages/registration.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Registration
permalink: /registration/
---

## Dates
- The course will take place 09:00-16:30 on 16-20 June 2025.

## Passing the course
To pass the course and get a diploma you must:

- Install and test OpenFOAM using our instructions send out in the weeks before the course.
- Participate actively during the course.
- Hand in and pass a miniproject after the course.

## Price

**PhD students at Danish universities and people employed at Danish universities**
- Registration is free.

**PhD students at foreign universities and people employed at foreign universities**
- DKK 12500 excl VAT.

**Company and private attendees**
- DKK 12500 excl VAT.

## Registration
You can register for the course [here](https://forms.gle/afbugCZFpEZD6eBYA). **Deadline** for registration is 1 May. Please note that the course is only held if a minimum of 5 participants has signed up by the deadline.
<!-- You can pre-register to the course [here](https://forms.gle/afbugCZFpEZD6eBYA). Note that pre-registration does not guarantee a seat at the course but enables you to sign up immediately when registration opens.  -->

## Confirmation of registration

We have a maximum of 20 seats in order for the participants to gain the most of our course. The seats are filled on a first come, first-served basis. Shortly after the deadline you will be asked to confirm your registration. If you do not confirm within one week, your registration will be removed. After we have received your confirmation e-mail, we will send you a final confirmation e-mail.

## Cancelling registration

If you regret your registration, please let us know immediately, so your seat can be given to someone else. To cancel your registration use the link in the e-mail you received upon registration. Under "Participation Type" choose "I want to cancel a previous registration" and submit the form. If you lost the e-mail, you can also cancel by sending an e-mail to one of the organisers.
